[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We come here to learn.
We're here for a
pursuit of knowledge.
We have an emotional connection
to everybody in this room.
We're here for a reason.
Today, you're going to learn.
Listen to Billy.
Please, Conscious Life Expo
2020, welcome my friend,
Mr. Billy Carson.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thanks, Jimmy, I really
appreciate that, man.
So today, This is my
logo for the mystery
school, which was made by
Gaia, actually, years ago.
It's one of the first
images they ever
gave me to promote the Gaia
program when I was on "Deep
Space" and a few other things.
It's like a marketing piece,
but it's a phenomenal piece.
It's really showing, to me,
the elevation of consciousness
in walking through
that, which is really
a star tetrahedron
at the top, kind
of in the seed-of-life
pattern, which is a merkaba.
But today, we're going to talk
about merkaba quantum walking,
and we're going to talk about
the merkaba, what it is,
but I'm going to get
very scientific, OK?
But I'm going to do it
in a way that everybody's
going to be able to
understand what I'm saying.
The way that I do my lectures
and the way that I teach
is more based on physics, and
sciences, esoteric wisdom,
and knowledge from ancient
sages and handed down
verbal histories as well so I
can give you a breakdown of how
this stuff works.
Because the biggest problem
that I find in society
is when it comes
to knowledge, is
we've learned how to
memorize the answers,
and we don't know how
to get to the answer.
If I give you a
multiplication test right now,
everybody in here,
I hope, I hope
can give me the
answer to 2 times
2 and 4 times 4 and
so forth and so on.
But how do you know the answer?
Because you memorize
the answers.
You just went down the
answer column as a kid,
and you memorized, oh,
when I see this, it's this.
But did you ever take the
time to figure out why 2 times
2 equals this, why 5
times 5 equals this?
A lot of people have never
taken the time to do that.
And that just transcends into
every other aspect of life.
We're taught to
just know answers.
We're taught in school to
be good test takers, OK,
but never really understanding
the process to get from A to B.
And so what I like
to do when I teach
these things-- because we're
dealing with spirituality,
but spirituality is deeply
entangled with quantum physics
and quantum mechanics.
You can't escape it.
You just can't.
When I show you today what
I'm going to show you,
you're going to realize
it can't be separated.
They both two go together.
Science and mainstream wants you
to think spirituality over here
and science over here.
That's another
divide-and-conquer tactic
to keep you from reaching
your ultimate goal
of spiritual attainment, OK?
So we're going to talk about
the fundamental underlying
basis of why this
stuff actually works.
And we're going to
spend some time on that
because when you walk
out of here today,
the main thing I want
everybody to take with them
is, now, I understand when I
think this way, when I think
that way, when I pray
this way, when I do this
or when I do that, this
is why it's working.
Because you will be able to
see the step-by-step process
and actually visualize
something in your head
that's actually,
really truly happening.
And I think when you
can visualize what's
happening, you know what's
happening versus relying
on thinking it's a magic sky
daddy with a magic wand like,
bing, it happened, some kind of
genie coming out of a bottle,
your wish is my command, I think
when I take that part of it
away and give you the
power into yourself
and let you understand,
oh, the power's in me,
and I can do this,
and I can do that,
and this is why I
can do this and I
can do that, I think it's going
to be a lot more-- a lot better
for you, and a lot
better for your family,
and people that you try to
show the information to.
So without further
ado, let's get into it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I always play my
little intro here.
I like this intro.
I'm that red guy.
[LAUGHS]
Like Jimmy said, I'm
a field researcher,
and this is important
for me to say
because people need to
understand I'm not just
on Google searching images--
and not to take anything
away from people
that's all that they have
access to because that's
better than the average person.
But to get to the level
that I'm teaching at,
you have to get out
in the field and you
gotta get your hands dirty.
You have to get out there and
talk to homegrown researchers.
You have to get
out there and talk
to homegrown archaeologists,
people who come from that area,
from that region,
indigenous people.
You can't just rely on this
generalized Wikipedia-type
information.
And sometimes you
can't really rely
on everybody's YouTube
videos, either.
You gotta go out
there for yourself
and get some
answers for yourself
and then compare it
to everything else
that you heard, saw, and read,
and then take the information
that you can best do it
and piece it together.
Here, I'm am at the
Great Pyramid of Giza.
I'm inside the King's
Chamber, and I'm
standing right next to that box
that they call a "sarcophagus."
I can't even fit in that box.
I'm too tall.
I'm six foot 4, and my
feet come up to my chest
when got inside of that thing.
But what's really amazing,
it's the exact dimensions
of the Ark of the Covenant,
and the Ark of the Covenant
used to sit inside of that box.
And the reason why
they chased Moses--
who was really truly
Akhenaten-- the reason
why they chased Akhenaten down
if after fled from Egypt, well,
first, Akhenaten
fled from Egypt--
he was kicked out
of Egypt I should
say because he was
defacing all the gods.
The sun disc, Aten or Amun--
Amun-Ra, Amen,
the Amen, gave him
the order to deface all gods.
There'll be no
other god but him.
He ushered in monotheistic
mindset into Egypt,
and he was erasing the
history of the hieroglyphs.
That's where all the broken
faces and noses come from,
sorry to say.
I thought initially, too,
when I had heard the rumors--
you see why you can't listen
to YouTube and stuff like that?
Until I got on an airplane,
and went out there for myself,
and saw temples that had
8,000-year-old hieroglyphs that
were all chipped off,
there was no nobody going,
I gotta chip these off to hide
the fact of who these people
were.
No, I'm sorry.
That was done by Amun-Ra.
It's the glyphs.
Amun-Ra ordered it.
And Akhenaten fled out of
there and left out of there
with that Ark of the Covenant.
And when the pharaoh
realized that he
took the source of
power, the new pharaoh,
they had to chase him down.
And he didn't cross the Red Sea.
That's the mistranslation
in the King James Bible.
He crossed the Sea of Reeds,
a much closer and much smaller
sea as well.
And that's just by
translating down into Aramaic,
and you can easily
figure that out.
But a lot of people
know about it
in terms of the people that
are teaching the information,
but they'll never change the
story because it just sounds--
the historical version,
the mythological version
sounds too fantastic.
Yeah, so it's really
amazing stuff.
The ancient Egyptians
had meters per second.
They had the metric
system in ancient times.
Forget about what you
know about, oh, we just
got the metric system and so
forth and so, 1960 or whatever.
That's garbage.
Whoever that was, I forgot
the gentleman's name
in this moment,
he probably found
these proto-Sumerian
tablets that
were found in Mexico, which
are well documented that they
had a metric system back
then, proto-Sumerian.
Proto-Sumerian found
in the South Americas,
OK, on this side of the ocean.
They had a metric system.
And what's really amazing
is the speed of light
can be discovered--
the longitude of
the Grand Gallery
is the same digits of the speed
of light in meters per second.
This whole structure
was designed
this way for a
specific reason, to let
us know how technologically
advanced these beings were.
And they turned
the Great Pyramid
into a multi-functional
stone computer.
This is me at the
Temple of Abydos.
So I'm standing there actually
pointing directly up--
it's kind of blurred
up here, I guess.
Maybe it's better
on the corners.
I'm pointing up at these glyphs.
It's about maybe 40
meters above my head.
But these glyphs were not
re-etched over, recarved over,
what the mainstream
would tell you.
If you get the homegrown
archaeologists like I had,
they will tell you that they're
told to say that by the tourism
board, to tell everybody that,
oh, these are just mistakes.
They're accidents.
They didn't really exist.
No, he said not only are
they carved that way,
but there's many more
around the region,
and he showed me
the other ones, OK?
And some of those I had
to pay off pyramid priests
and guards to go into
underground crypts and stuff
to get down there
to see these things
and take pictures of them.
So they're real.
There's not just this
one spot at Abydos.
There are depictions of advanced
technology all over Egypt.
I'm at the top of
Ollantaytambo in Peru.
This was an amazing trip.
I saw so much stuff there
that would just blow you away.
I'm at the Osirian Temple, which
is right by Abydos, where they
discovered the flower
of life symbol,
I don't know if you can
see it from where you
are, etched into a pillar by--
etched into it like on the
atomic level, not carved
or chipped into the
stone, but atomically
etched directly into the pillars
there, the flower of life,
which is everything to do
with the pure energy that
creates everything we see
in the third dimension.
They knew about that
10,000, 15,000 years ago.
I think the Osirian's
even older than that.
My opinion of Syrians probably
around $50,000 to $60,000 years
old.
Here at Machu Picchu, just kind
of giving you guys an idea.
I mean, I've been all around
the world, Sacsayhuaman.
This is my guide here, Elvis.
His name is actually Elvis.
And he's a homegrown indigenous.
Behind these stones
here-- the reason
why I took a picture
at those stones,
right behind those
stones is gold.
It's protected by the military.
Still gold behind a
lot of these stones.
And here I'm in
Cambodia at Angkor Wat.
Here, I'm at Ta Prohm and
showing there's dinosaurs.
This is just one
place in the world
that you can see dinosaurs and
human beings at the same time--
dinosaurs with the meat on
their bones, which means they
knew what they looked
like, obviously.
It's hard to kind of just
extrapolate what this thing
would look like, but if you go
to Gobekli Tepe you got those
13,000-year old
columns with dinosaurs.
You go to Lake
Michigan, and they
discovered a Stonehenge in the
bottom of Lake Michigan, etched
into it what?
Dinosaurs with the
meat on their bones.
So man and dinosaur
walked the earth together
at the same time.
Here, I'm in Akrotiri
Greece at a dig site.
This is an ancient dig site, one
of the Atlantean civilizations.
And what was so amazing
here was that they still
had flushing toilets from
the second floor level down,
and it had a suction system
to suck away the smell away
from your house.
We need those now, I think.
[LAUGHTER]
We need to incorporate
that new technology.
You saw blocks that were
maybe 8 to 10 feet thick,
with tiny holes
starting from one side
going all the way
through to the other.
Incredible.
And plumbing piping that
looked like PVC plastic,
all here at this dig site.
I did a huge article and
showed a lot of the photos.
It's on my blog on
Forbidden Knowledge.
Here, I'm standing on the top
of the Pyramid of the Moon,
which Thoth dedicated
to his wife.
It's actually eight
pyramids built into one.
That's what the
Pyramid of the Moon is.
And behind me is the
Pyramid of the Sun,
and the Avenue of the
Dead is down below.
I've been to the Yucatan.
I mean, I've just been
to so many places.
So the point of this is just
to say if you didn't know,
I'm a world traveler.
I've been around the
world 2 and 1/2 times now,
and I'm continuing to travel.
In 2020, I've got the Kailasa
temples, the Ellora temples,
both are mountains
that are carved out
from the outside going in.
I'm going to do a
documentary on both those
and the technology
used to cover those.
I just came back from
Australia, eight miles out
in the Australian bush
with fires all around.
One site we couldn't get to,
it was already destroyed,
it was a cave painting,
8,000-year old cave painting
site.
And already, it was gone.
And it wasn't documenting,
which is the sad part.
It was poorly grained
images and videos--
you couldn't really
make out what was there.
But when I got to my site,
the fact that I really,
really went for it Kariong
nine, I was able to very clearly
document these proto-Egyptian
glyphs and also Pleiades
glyphs--
Pleiadian glyphs.
So this Gosford
glyphs documentary
is going to be mind-blowing.
And I got to get with
elders and everything else.
And the craziest part was, we're
eight miles out in the bush,
we decide to camp out on a
cliff face, take a break,
and we hear the bushes
rustling behind us.
And we're like, there's nothing
but the cliff and this bush.
Is this the animal?
Two people come out the bush.
They're stumbling
around completely lost.
It happens the guy-- the guide
said sometimes people are there
for three or four days.
They were so happy
to see human beings.
And the guy goes, mate,
you're Billy Carson!
I got your book!
I said, what?
Can I take a selfie
was his next--
not water, not food.
He didn't want to give
his girlfriend anything.
She was looking
completely deranged.
And I'm like, OK?
And we helped them get out
of there and everything.
That was wild.
Like, you can't just
stumble into the bush
and find these glyphs.
I mean, even if
you gave me a map,
I wouldn't have found them.
That's how difficult
it was to get to.
And there's a ritual
to get to these glyphs.
For the aborigine
elders, if you walk down
on one of these ancient
sacred sites, it's an insult.
It's like slapping or
spitting them in the face.
You have to come from the
bottom coming up, which
means a glyph or an area that
has artifacts that can take you
maybe 15, 20 minutes to
get to might take you
an hour and a half
because you've
got to go all the way
around the long way
so you can come from the bottom
coming up to show respect.
Yeah.
So it's a lot to it.
It was a great day.
I've done that--
I've been hiking
37 miles in the Cambodian
jungles, 100-degree
temperature, 100%
humidity every single day.
So, yeah, it's just
been an amazing ride.
So I'm here to give
you information today
to talk about some
of the information
I've learned from the
pyramid priest with regards
to the merkaba.
And when I learned
this information
and how powerful
it really truly is,
I learned it had a lot to
do with light, actual light,
and becoming a light
being and understanding
that we are a light being.
So we're going to talk
a lot today about light,
and the aspect of light, and
what light is really all about.
And we're going to talk
about how that interacts
with your consciousness
and how it allows
you to manifest your reality.
So a variety of a variety
of mystery religions
existed in the ancient world,
such as the mystery of Demeter
at Eleusis, Mithras,
and Orpheus--
you know you heard of
Morpheus on "The Matrix?"
Well, Orpheus is actually a true
religion, believe it or not.
That's where they got it from.
A lot of things will correlate
with "The Matrix," as you'll
see throughout my presentation.
Swearing oaths to keep
proceedings secret.
As result the substance
of their beliefs
and the nature of their ritual
has been almost entirely lost.
So we're like a
species with amnesia,
which you've heard before.
What happens is,
in these mystery
schools, which were handpicked
people, what would happen
after a certain amount
of time, the information
would get lost because new
initiates wouldn't be selected.
As these deified gods would
leave, disappear, die,
go wherever they go--
it's just like if I
started a rumor here
with this man in his ear and
whispered to him and said,
pass it on.
By the time it got all the
way around through everybody
and got back to
this side, this lady
will have a slightly different
story than what I told you.
And that's what happens
in this whole thing
about these secret societies
and these ancient mysteries.
When it's all handed
down verbally,
you never really get the
exact same story that went in.
And then over time,
things get forgotten.
So if by midway through that
journey of the information
going around,
there's a cataclysm
and now a whole
generation has passed
before somebody that
was a last survivor who
heard a little bit
from their mother
when they were eight years old
can now tell their children,
now it's a little bit
more conjecture in there.
So we have lost a
lot of information.
We all know how to
use a cell phone,
but if there was an
E&P post right now
that knocked out all
electronics, none of us
in here, maybe somebody in
here can, but most of us
couldn't make a cell phone.
And if we could, we can't
make everything else
that needs to work along
with the cell phone system
to make it a functioning system.
So it's a very tricky
thing, and it's very easy
to get this amnesia.
People always wonder, how
do we lose all of this?
It really is so easy.
We've only been existing
for literally less
than a blink of an eye on
a geological timescale,
less than a blink of an eye.
Less than the time it takes
you to blink your eye,
human beings have been on
this planet, if you look
at a geological time scale.
And when a small cataclysm, a
small kingship that dominates
or whatever takes over like
the papal inquisitions,
if we didn't have the
papal inquisitions,
the Arabs would have been
on the moon in the 1800s.
That's how fast
they were advancing.
In the 1800s, they would
have been on the moon.
The papal inquisition
killed 80 million people
and dominated Catholicism
around the entire planet
through, unfortunately, murder,
rape, and torture, and force.
And that's how come everybody
speaks these various languages,
not their indigenous languages.
But it's just the
fact it happened.
But that slowed down.
So things like that pop
up from time to time
and then just squash out
a lot of our advancement
and take us back down that
rabbit hole into this amnesia
state.
The force is real.
And that's primarily what
we're talking about today,
the force, the energy
force, the thing
that really, truly binds us
like Yoda says in "Star Wars."
It's really a true statement.
I mean, if you look
back at "Star Wars"
after being more
conscious, you realize
how many super
nuggets were dropped,
like knowledge bombs were
dropped in "Star Wars," right?
I mean, amazing stuff.
They really went and
got some real gurus
to drop some of that dialogue.
And the force truly
is this energetic grid
that we're all
sitting on right now.
We're all part of this energetic
grid, and we're all connected.
So the illusion
of this separation
here gives us the
feeling of individuality.
But in truthfulness, I'm up
here talking to you guys,
but I'm talking to myself.
I'm talking to myself.
And when you're
talking to somebody,
you're talking to yourself.
There's only one consciousness.
The only thing
that's different here
is that consciousness has
literally separated itself
into trillions and
trillions of entities
to experience
itself subjectively
from different
perspectives because it
wants to collect information.
I just came from
a spiritual panel,
and we were talking about--
I talked a little bit
about how the brain is
encased in darkness.
And the brain doesn't
know anything.
It doesn't see,
smell, feel, hear.
It doesn't know nothing.
It's encased in darkness.
But it has friends, your senses.
So it says to its
friends, go out there
and collect some information.
This is as above, so below.
Keep this in mind.
So the brain, it would
be consciousness,
the creating consciousness of
this entire third dimension.
Think about it that way.
The brain sends out hearing,
smell, touch, feel, sight,
and they come back with data
digital bits of information.
Information that the brain
now can collect and process,
and then the brain projects
a hologram as to what's
going on outside,
and you'd navigate
through this
electromagnetic matrix base
off a hologram projected from
digital bits of zeros and ones
collected by a sensory system.
So if you take that and
bring it up to above,
now think of the mass
divine consciousness that
creates this entire universe.
And we are the friends of that
consciousness that have now
broken off, and we're out here
doing, what, collecting data.
That's your mission here.
You're collecting
data and sending it,
you're going to find out,
directly back to source
on a consistent basis.
24 hours a day,
seven days a week,
you're uploading information
back to source non-stop.
And that's really
what it's all about.
Nikola Tesla had
a famous saying.
"The day science begins to
study non-physical phenomena,
it will make more
progress in one decade
than in all previous
centuries in its existence."
Think about that.
We're talking about
non-physical phenomena.
We're talking about the unseen.
But we're going to
take away the magic sky
daddy with the white
robe and the wand.
We're taking that away.
I'm sorry.
If you believe in
that, then you may not
want to stay through
this presentation.
And I'm not saying that there's
not a divine creator, because I
believe in a divine creator
because quantum physics tells
me that there's a divine
creator of this realm.
The energy in you is
divine, making you divine,
making you a creator as well
or nothing would be here.
This book wouldn't be written.
This podium wouldn't be created.
This laptop wouldn't exist.
All of us are
creators because why?
As above, so below.
We're duplicating
what the creator does.
So what I'm saying to
you is there's a process
to get to this level
of understanding
to be able to make this
creation and manifest reality,
and that involves quantum
mechanics and quantum physics.
That's the underlying basis.
That's 2 times 2.
All things in all universes
move according to law,
and the law which regulates
the movement of the planets
is no more mutable than the law
which regulates the material
expressions of man.
One of the greatest
of all cosmic laws
is that which is responsible
for the formation of man
as a material being.
The main objective is to reveal
the workings of the law, which
connect the man, the material,
and man the spiritual.
The connecting link
between the material man
and the spiritual man
is the intellectual man,
for the mind partakes of both
the material and immaterial
qualities.
The aspirant for
higher knowledge
must develop the intellectual
side of his nature
and so strengthen
his will that is
able to concentrate
all powers of his being
on and in the plane he desires.
The great search for
light, life, and love only
begins on the material plane,
carry it to its ultimate.
Its final goal is
complete oneness
with the universal
consciousness.
The foundation in the
material is the first step,
then comes the higher goal,
the spiritual attainment.
Concealed in the words of
Thoth are many meanings that
do not appear on the surface.
Light of knowledge brought
to bear on these tablets
will open many new
fields for thought.
Read and be wise,
but only if the light
of your own consciousness
awakens a deep-seated
understanding, which is the
inherent quality of the soul.
We're talking about some
deep stuff here today, guys,
and we're going to go in.
We're going to really get deep.
The universe runs
on natural laws.
And these are some of the laws
that I talk about quite a bit.
Binding immutable
conditions that
govern the consequences
of behavior;
general principles
of natural law;
the principle of
mentalism, which
we're going to talk
about right away;
the principle of correspondence;
the principle of vibration;
the principle of polarity;
the principle of rhythm;
the principle of
cause and effect;
and the principle of gender.
The principle of
mentalism, which is really,
primarily, the majority
of what we've got to talk
about today is understanding
it all is mind.
Everything is mind.
As above, so below.
We are most likely living in a
fractal holographic conscious
mind matrix.
And so when you look and analyze
the way that the synapses occur
between the neurons
in the brain,
you begin to realize that it
creates this holographic type
of a field that
your brain projects,
and it's the same exact
thing for the universe.
So we're living in a
fractal holographic matrix.
And that doesn't
take away the fact
that it could be a
biological entity.
It's just that's
the format that's
used to generate this
illusion of reality.
The fact that you think
you're sitting here
is even an illusion.
There's $7.5 billion
people on Earth.
But if I take away all the
empty space and the atoms
of every person
on this planet, I
can fit everybody
into one sugar cube.
You're not even here.
This is what you've
got to understand.
As a matter of fact, one of
the white papers I'm working on
is talking about atoms are
99.999% percent empty space.
And one of the white papers
I'm talking about with--
working on trash dumps--
is removing empty-- using a
specific type of energy source
to remove the empty
space, collapse
the empty space between
the atoms and the trash.
You can have 50 tons of
trash be less than a crumb
if you can remove
the empty space.
So that's the future
of trash management.
It's not going to be
burning, and trying
to turn it into gas, and all
this other kind of crazy stuff.
It's going to be just removing
the empty space in atoms,
and it's gone.
Memory.
So some scientists got
20 people together,
and they took them
out into a city area
and said, let's just go
for a walk-- didn't tell me
exactly what the
study was truly about,
just went for a
walk a few blocks
and came back to the laboratory.
And they wanted to see what
people's minds were picking up
subconsciously, subconsciously.
Because your mind records
every single thing.
Every person that
you saw on your way
to this event, every
person's clothing
or outfit every car you saw
on the way here, every license
plate that you
didn't realize you
saw, all that's
stored in your brain.
Every single bit of it's in your
brain right now-- all of it.
Every fine, minute detail is
inside of your brain right now.
So they took the people back
and they started asking them
what did they see?
And they gave them some
very mundane answers-- oh,
people walking, a few cars,
some offices, and some stores.
Then, they put them under a
hypnosis when a real hypnotist.
And they started tapping
into the subconscious.
And people started recalling
license plate numbers.
They started recalling what
they saw in store windows
and what kind of jewelry it was.
They started recalling
conversations
that they heard as
they were walking down
the street that people were
talking just as they walked by.
They even noticed buildings
and signs of stores
that they would never
even think of going into,
but they knew the names
of those stores now,
and they knew the
names of the signs
on the outside of the buildings.
This was a real scientific
study that was done.
Now some people may want to
say it's kind of a pseudo
because they used
a hypnotist, but it
was duplicated several times.
And when you duplicate something
and the same thing happens,
you got to kind of say, this
might have-- this might not
be a coincidence.
The human brain is really
picking up everything.
Everything is mind.
Everything is consciousness.
You're downloading
information 24 hours a day,
seven days a week, nonstop.
They really were able to recall
all these different aspects
of the walk that they went
on, and they were, themselves,
completely surprised about it.
So we're going to talk a
lot about the mind today.
We're going to talk
about the neocortex.
You know the movie "The Matrix?"
Neo?
Well, they got the name
from the neocortex, OK?
And the neocortex is Latin
for "new bark" or "new rind."
It's also called the neopallium.
It's part of the
brain in mammals.
It's the outer layer of
the cerebral hemispheres
and made up of six layers
labeled one through six, six
being the innermost and
one being the outermost.
And the neocortex is the
part of the cerebral cortex,
and it's also sometimes known as
the archicortex or paleocortex.
They're cortical parts of
the limbic system in humans.
But the most important
part about this
is it's involved in
higher functions,
such as sensory
perception, generation
of motor commands, spatial
reasoning, conscious thought,
and language.
So it's not just a name.
They called him
"Neo" for a reason.
Conscious thought is the
biggest part of this.
Spatial reasoning, understanding
the world around you,
being able to navigate through
this matrix and how it works,
and seeing beyond the veil.
So we're going to talk about
how light equals intelligence.
Light is actually
intelligent-- not only light.
We're going to finding
something else is intelligent,
but it's really going
to blow you way.
But light definitely
equals intelligence.
This is from physics.org, the
first ever photograph of a
what was a light wave and
also then becoming a particle.
So light can be a
wave, a frequency wave,
and once consciousness
interacts with it,
it can collapse into a particle.
And this is the very
first photo that
was taken of light converting
in the middle stages of going
from wave to particle.
What does that mean?
Everything in the
third dimension
exists as a light wave first--
everything, including your body.
Your body is a wave of
light, a wave of potentials.
Electromagnetic frequencies,
that's all you really--
your avatar body is.
But your subatomic frequency
will reassimilate back
to the structure
that you recognize
as you when consciousness
collapses it into that format.
When conscious observers--
in other words,
a person observing you from
the outside or you even
observing yourself
collapses yourself back
into what you recognize
as a solid object.
Right now, you're not at home.
Your home doesn't exist
as a solid object.
Your home is a wave of
light, a wave of potentials,
with a specific frequency
in every block that
creates the actual property,
the actual structure.
When you get back to your
house and you get close to it,
it collapses back
into your house again.
Now you're saying, well,
somebody's is at my house
right now.
They see the house.
Consciousness collapses
electromagnetic frequencies
into solid matter.
And we're going to show
you this in real science,
real peer-reviewed
science in a second here.
I'm going to go to Dr. Quantum.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> What taught us at school
isn't really the way it is
and that our senses are
playing tricks on us.
You just gotta wonder,
what is this reality
that we find ourselves in?
Quantum physics says it's all
just waves of information.
Do I believe that?
Ah, I hope so!
Yikes!
And here we are, the granddaddy
of all quantum weirdness,
the infamous double
slit experiment.
To understand this
experiment, we first
need to see how particles, or
little balls of matter, act.
If we randomly shoot
a small object,
say a Marvel at the
screen, we see a pattern
on the back wall, where they
went through the slit and hit.
Now if we add a
second slit, we would
expect to see a second band
duplicated to the right.
Now, let's look at waves.
The waves hit the
slit and radiate out,
striking the back wall
with the most intensity
directly in line with the slip.
The line of brightness
on the back screen
shows that intensity.
This is similar to the
line the marbles make.
But when we add the second slit,
something different happens.
If the top of one wave meets
the bottom of another wave,
they cancel each other out.
So now, there is an interference
pattern on the back wall.
Places where the two tops meet
are the highest intensity,
the bright lines, and where
they cancel, there is nothing.
So when we throw things, that
is matter, through two slits,
we get this--
two bands of hits.
And with waves, we get
an interference pattern
of mini bands.
Good so far.
Now, let's go quantum.
An electron is a tiny, tiny bit
of matter, like a tiny marble.
Let's fire a stream
through one slit.
It behaves just like a
marble, a single band.
So if we shoot these tiny
bits through two slits,
we should get, like
the marbles, two bands.
What?
An interference pattern!
We fired electrons, tiny
bits of matter through.
And we get a pattern like
waves, not like little marbles.
How?
How could pieces of matter
create an interference pattern
like a wave?
It doesn't make sense.
But physicists are clever.
They thought maybe
those little balls
are bouncing off each other
and creating that pattern.
So they decide to shoot
electrons through one
at a time.
There is no way they could
interfere with each other.
But after an hour of this,
the same interference pattern
has seemed to emerge.
The conclusion is inescapable.
The single electron
leaves as a particle,
becomes a wave of potentials,
goes through both slits,
and interferes with itself to
hit the wall like a particle.
But mathematically,
it's even stranger.
It goes through both slits,
and it goes through neither.
And it goes through
just one, and it
goes through just the other.
All of these possibilities
are in superposition
with each other.
Physicists were completely
baffled by this,
so they decided to
peek and see which
slit it actually goes through.
They put a measuring
device by one slit
to see which one it went
through and let it fly.
[LAUGHS] But the quantum
world is far more mysterious
than they could have imagined.
When they observed,
the electron went back
to behaving like
a little marble.
It produced a pattern of two
bands, not an interference
pattern of many.
The very act of measuring
or observing which slit.
It went through meant it only
went through one, not both.
The electron decided
to act differently,
as though it was aware
it was being watched.
It was here that
physicists stepped forever
into the strange never
world of quantum events.
What is matter?
Marbles or waves?
And waves of what?
And what does an observer
have to do with any of this?
[END PLAYBACK]
So you see, the act of
looking, observation,
conscious intervention
collapses waves
into potential solid objects.
This is science
fact, not fiction.
So when I tell you
that your house is
an electromagnetic wave of
light when you're not there,
that's what it is.
If you play a video game-- as
above, so below never fails.
A video game is the
exact reproduction
of how we live our lives.
The next frame appears as you
need it in the video game.
And as you move forward,
the next part of the frame
appears and the next
challenge appears.
And there's even
reincarnation and video games.
As soon as you don't learn
your lesson and you get killed,
you get another life and
you start all over again.
As above, so below never fails.
Never.
And that's what we're doing.
So a human being exists
both as solid matter
and a wave of light.
So you are light.
And what do we know
about light and what
do we know about electrons?
They're intelligent.
Light has intelligence, OK?
This is something
that you really
have to understand because
this is the fundamental basis
of getting to the next level.
Understanding that every
single atom in your body
is intelligent.
And the reason why
that's important
is because you have
trillions and trillions
of atoms in your body that
make up your body, OK?
So add all that
consciousness together.
It's really incredible
the amount of potential
that a human being has.
Now word of the week,
electromagnetic spectrum.
Obviously, you can see here--
red, orange, yellow, green,
blue, and violet
you guys know of
are the light waves
that we normally
can see as human beings.
Everything else we can't see it.
We just can't see it.
And it's a good thing.
Because if you
can see everything
that was going on in
this room right now,
it would freak you out.
You couldn't handle it.
I'm just telling you.
If you can see in gamma,
you can see X-ray,
if you can see in
multi-spectrum, ultraviolet,
infrared, you'd see all kinds of
things happening all around us
right now.
And you'd be like, what?
So we've been set up with this
limited perception of what
we call "visible
light," which is what
you see when you see a
rainbow, as light goes through
like a fraculate.
It's broken off, and the
different light rays break off,
and these are the only colors
that we can actually see.
So visible light, the
electromagnetic waves
of your eyes, that
your eyes can detect,
oscillate between 400
and 790 terahertz.
That's several trillion
times a second.
The wavelengths are roughly
the size of a large virus.
So we see nothing that's truly,
really going on out here.
And like I said,
here's gamma rays.
You have ultraviolet
light, radar.
We have this small
slither that we're given
that we can get access to.
But everything is light.
Every atom in your body
is made from light.
And it even goes
deeper than that.
This is an image from the
Very Large Baseline Array
that shows a galaxy
M33, what it looks like,
if you can see in radio waves.
This is the image map
of the atomic hydrogen
gas in the galaxy, and
the different colors that
map velocities in the gas.
Red gas is always moving away,
and blue is moving towards us.
And the reason why I'm
showing you radio waves,
I here ever heard
of "I Love Lucy?"
>> Yeah.
>> OK, it's an old show.
I'm aging myself.
I used to watch it all the time.
But those shows are still
going through space,
traveling through
space right now.
Those radio waves
that created that show
or that emanated that show are
still traveling through space
time, and some distant future
of some alien races able
to decode those radio waves,
they can watch "I Love Lucy."
So think about
that because that's
a very important
statement I just made.
By the way, I just rotated
it just a little bit and look
what happened.
I'm just messing with you guys.
[LAUGHS]
[INAUDIBLE] galaxy.
Now it's really amazing that
it is in that shape, though.
It really, truly is.
It's kind of weird.
Let's take a look
at this video here.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> So this research is about
alternative ways of storing
data, digital data, for
archival purposes with DNA.
>> The initial
thought was, you know,
I don't care what I'm building,
and so why don't we just build
Moby Dick or something?
I'll just encode it
in DNA, and we'll just
build that because I
don't want to worry
about the design at
this point in time.
>> Siriam and I debated
what we should encode,
what would nicely represent
the digital universe,
and we wanted something that
represents sort of a modern
digital.
So we use an HTML version of
a book that I wrote recently
called, "Regenesis."
The HTML form, let's
say the web form,
includes images, digital images.
It includes JavaScript
programming language
that actually does perform
something interactively
with the person.
And so we encoded that into
zeros and ones and then
into DNA.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> That's important.
And the reason why
that's important
is because DNA stores memory.
So I mean, it's kind
of a long video,
but to summarize
what he's saying is,
these scientists discovered
that DNA can store
digital bits of information.
So they discovered how to
use the light codes in DNA
to store data.
And now, that e-book that
he was talking about,
they replicated it 80 billion
times onto one gram of DNA.
A gram is a drop on
the tip of your finger.
So one gram of DNA can store
80 billion copies of that book.
It can store 433 petabytes of
digital data, zeros and ones.
And it can be not only
downloaded to the DNA
but uploaded back
to the server again.
And they discovered
that it's also wireless.
So now, they've realized
that DNA sends and receives
information wirelessly.
When you're picking
up-- this laptop
is connected to a
Wi-Fi signal right now
or I wouldn't be able to give
this presentation because some
of my stuff is linked
through web, right?
What is a Wi-Fi frequency?
What is Wi-Fi?
Wi-Fi is light.
Light.
Light that then
carries zeros and ones.
So this laptop right now
is sending waves of light
out to a receiver and
downloading information
from that same
receiver back and forth
with light waves
that have piggybacked
zeros and ones on top of it.
Light is the trick here.
Light is the secret.
Scientists discovered
how to turn light
into a physical matter.
It was an 80-year quest.
And basically, what happened is
at this [INAUDIBLE] University,
these guys got together,
and they started talking,
and Max Planck
walked in, and they
were having a cup
of coffee, trying
to figure out what Thoth
talked about in the "Compendium
of the Emerald
Tablets" here, turning
the light into solid matter
in ancient times, right?
Well, they just figured
out how to redo it.
They just rediscovered it.
And they now-- this
is physics.org.
By the way guys, they now have
turned light into solid matter.
So everything that the
ancients were doing,
we're just now rediscovering.
But if we can turn light into
solid matter, Thoth talks
about being able to do it
with your own consciousness,
you see?
This is where I'm
going with this.
We're doing it technologically
and figuring out
the basis of how
to make it happen,
but there's a way that
he was able to tap
into it with his mind.
He manifested blocks to
build megalithic structures.
He didn't have to
go quarry them.
This is the level that we
are trying to ascend to.
Contemporary science tells us
that the universe is made up
of energy, matter, and light.
Those would be what alchemists
call sulfur, salt, mercury
respectively.
According to Einstein's
equation, E equals MC squared,
energy and matter can be
transformed into one another
through the constant of light.
In alchemy, sulfur and salt are
transformed into one another
through the
intermediary of mercury.
It looks like if the little
C in Einstein's equation
really stood for "consciousness"
instead of light,
there would be no
difference at all
between physics and alchemy.
Just that one little tweak
will turn you from physics
to alchemy.
And let's assume that
consciousness is light.
And in that case, the emerald
tablet for the 21st century
might look something like this.
"Truly without hype,
religious exploitation,
or commercial consideration, you
can experience higher truths.
You are as much
part of the material
as you are part of
the mental, and you
are as much part of the mental
as you are the material.
In order to accomplish
miracles of light
and just as all things
come from this light
through constant thought and
concentration of consciousness,
so do all creative things
originate from this light
through the
transformation of thought.
Its father as energy.
Its mother as matter.
The spectrum carries
in its belly.
Its nurse.
It's the earth.
It is the origin
of all consecration
of the whole universe.
Its inherent strength
is perfected.
And it is materialized.
Separate from matter
from imagination,
subtle from the growth, gently
is the deepest meditation.
The light rises from Earth
to Heaven and returns
again to Earth, thereby
containing within itself
the powers of both the
mental and the material.
Thus will you obtain the
light of the whole universe.
All darkness will
be illumined to you.
This is the greatest
force of all powers
because it overcomes
every mental thing
and penetrates every
material thing.
It is the way that the
universe was created.
From this comes many
wondrous manifestations
because of this formula.
Therefore, this deals with
three parts of reality
and shows the underlying
relationship between energy,
matter, and light.
Now, we have
completely explained
the fountain of consciousness."
OK, so we're going in, guys.
This is some deep stuff.
Mapping magnetite crystal
in the human brain--
so how do we download
this light information?
What's the mechanism, the
actual biological technology
that's inside of
our avatar bodies
that allows this to happen?
Mapping the magnetite
crystal, we've
got magnetite crystals--
billions of crystals inside
of our brain of magnetite.
Now animals use this all the
time to navigate the planet.
Birds flocks out for the winter.
Turtles know how to get back to
their nesting grounds, right?
Whales navigate the oceans
using magnetite crystals.
Guess what?
We have them, too.
But we've been
disconnected from them.
Now they put human beings--
not that we've been disconnect.
Somehow a veil's been put
over for us to detect it.
They put a human being
in an actual laboratory
with a magnetic field, a
very strong magnetic field,
and then they put the cap
on its head with electrodes
to detect magnetism.
And they say, oh,
he's detecting it.
Then, they would move the
field around the room.
And no matter where
they move the field,
they were detecting that
the magnetite crystals
were following the field
in the brain, human brain.
We still have the
capability today.
But we've been
disconnected from it.
We've got to regain
it through meditation,
through thoughtfulness, through
research and investigation,
through studying through
all these different things
for this whole--
this whole expo is about--
just to get back to where
we're supposed to be.
It's a process.
When you look at tsunamis
that come inland,
you never see the wild
animals dying in the ocean.
You never see that,
but you always
see human beings
getting swept away.
[LAUGHTER]
The animals are-- good question.
She said, why is that?
The animals are in
human resonant frequency
with the earth.
They're utilizing their
magnetite crystals.
They're downloading,
uploading information directly
from the planet itself
because Earth is conscious.
And they're getting
warned two, three day,
sometimes a week in advance
before cataclysms happen,
and they go to the hills
or to the mountains.
Human beings, we go
right to the water,
and then we stand there
with the selfie stick
and watch it come in.
And we go, look!
And then, boom,
we're out of there.
I mean, we've really
been disconnected.
[LAUGHTER]
They got us good, man.
They probably sit back
and just laugh, you know?
But we have the capability.
And to get back
in that frequency,
to get back in that
resonance, to get back
in tune with the earth,
and our inner self,
and the universal consciousness,
it takes some thoughtfulness
to be thoughtful and mindful
that it actually does exist,
and it's not some mystery
hokey-pokey thing, right?
But it's a real thing that
does exist in your body.
And this is where the
magnetite crystals are located.
I'm showing you the evidence
that this stuff is real,
and it really exists so
that you could take away
the mysticism of it, OK?
Here's something that's
really interesting as well.
The neural correlates
of consciousness,
the parts of your brain that
generates self-awareness,
researchers at the Allen
Institute for Brain Science
discovered three giant
neurons, one of them
is projected across the
cortex like a crown of thorns.
I wish I had a whole nother show
to go into and talk about what
these stones are really
about because this is really
what it's about.
It has nothing to do
with the other thing,
but that's a whole nother show.
But this is real.
This is real science.
So between the neural
correlates of consciousness,
the neocortex, and the
magnetite crystals,
you now have a
technological device
anchored to this
avatar body that
allows you to upload
and download information
directly from spacetime.
That's right.
Something to get excited about.
So when you hear people
say, I'm getting a download.
Sometimes people smirk at
them when they walk away.
No, they're getting a download.
Everybody's getting a download.
Anytime you go, oh, I had this
great idea for this invention.
No, you downloaded it.
Yeah.
All information, and I
mean all information,
already exists in spacetime.
Already exists.
What happens is
it exists as what?
An electromagnetic
frequency of what?
Light.
And then, your
neural correlates,
your magnetite crystals,
and your consciousness
matches a subatomic frequency
or a subspace frequency
of that information,
that data packet,
and then you actually
download it into your body.
And if you're lucky-- because
everybody downloads it probably
at the same time, a lot of
people, but you discern it,
and you're able to then
regurgitate it, put action
behind it, and bring
it into fruition.
That's how things happen.
So this entire realm is all
about uploads and downloads.
So when you hear people say
that, you can't laugh at them
and think they're
crazy because you're
getting the same
exact thing, you just
didn't realize it before.
Yeah.
The neurons connect
to the claustrom.
And the claustrum, like the
conductor of an orchestra,
it coordinates the
inputs and outputs--
inputs and outputs-- this
is a technological device
we're talking about--
which help to download
consciousness.
This is coming from
biological books, some physics
books, some peer
reviewed science books.
I'm not giving you stuff that
came from some hocus pocus
magazine about spirituality.
I'm giving you
real science here.
You are downloading
information, and this
is the mechanism used to do it.
And this is important
to understand
because you can't get
into a merkaba meditation
without understanding
these tactics.
Now some people have
been able to do it
through going to different
gurus that can teach you
how to do it.
Some people are able to
get into it right away.
Some people, it takes
them a very long time.
Some people don't really
understand why it work,
but they follow the
guidelines, and they've
done the deal are
the basics that
were taught to
them by the gurus,
and they're able to get into it.
I want to show
you something that
not only will allow you to
get into but also allow you
to pass it on to other people
and explain why it works.
So the people go, you're just
another one of crazy gypsies.
I don't want to hear what
you're talking about.
But if you can explain
something scientifically
and show source material and
say, no, this is real science.
This is not hocus pocus.
You might catch somebody's ear.
Let's look how powerful and
how intelligent light is.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> transformed its
ability to move.
The result of a
project by a group
of international
scientists who were
able to bypass the injured
part of the animal's spine.
>> To decode the brain
activity is not really new.
To stimulate the spinal cords
is not really new either,
but the association
of both and to make
the link between the
decoding of the brain,
and the stimulation
of the spinal cord,
and to make this communication
exist is completely new.
>> If you have an injury of
the spinal cord messages from
the brain on table to reach
beyond down the nervous system,
resulting in paralysis.
Scientists created a brain
spinal interface on a monkey
with a paralyzed leg,
implanting electrodes
onto part of the brain
that controlled the limb.
The activity and
information it recorded
showed the movement the
monkey intended to make
and was sent to a computer.
[END PLAYBACK]
So what's being
transmitted from the brain?
Waves of light--
intelligent light
that then get picked up by a
receiver below the broken spine
and then decoded into the
DNA and to the muscle fibers
and told, hey, move this leg.
That's the power of your mind.
You can do this without
the technological devices
if you have a broken spine.
There's gurus that have
bypassed being crippled
through spinal injuries,
through thought power,
through the power of thought.
This is adding a little
piece of technology
that allows the decoding
of the light waves coming
from the brain to do that.
Every single thought
you're thinking right now,
every thought you're
thinking is generating
an electromagnetic wave that's
penetrating your skull bone
and going out into
spacetime forever.
Every thought that
you ever thought
since you had
conscious thought is
in spacetime-- every
single thought.
The Akashic Records, real.
The Book of Life, real.
Why?
Because Stephen
Hawking said it best.
He discovered that when
you go into a black hole,
oh, guess what?
I made a mistake earlier, guys.
Things don't become destroyed.
All information as it
enters into the black hole
is stored at the rim
of the event horizon.
So nothing is ever lost.
Information can't be destroyed.
It can only be transformed.
All knowledge, all
information that ever has been
is always here and
always will be here.
Nothing is missing.
Nothing is gone void.
Nothing has been taken
away from this universe.
It's all here.
So every thought that you
think is permanently going out.
So the thoughts you think are
very powerful because they
can affect other people.
Because I could be thinking a
negative thought from up here
that can then interact with
your field, your biofield,
and your DNA wave, your
torus around your body
that's operating your Wi-Fi
DNA can download my light wave
into your body and affect you
biologically, physiologically.
That's how powerful
thought could be.
And just the opposite, you can
walk through a room of people
just like this, and
you can directly
affect every single
person in the room
with the power of
positive thought
without even saying a word.
That's how powerful
thoughts are.
And that's why some people
walk in the room, people say,
I can feel the energy.
That's real.
Like, that is not
an imaginary thing.
That's truly a real thing.
Kal El, I thought, this
was just very interesting.
Kal El means "light
god" in Hebrew, which
is what Superman's name was.
I just thought it was kind
of an interesting tidbit.
But can brainwaves
interfere with radio waves?
They don't interfere with
radio waves, but the reason
why I showed this is
because it says here that--
let's see here--
the human brain also
admits waves, like when a
person focuses her attention on
or remembers something.
The activity fires
thousands of neurons
simultaneously at the same
frequency generating a wave,
again, proving this
is more physics here,
school of engineering,
waves of light
are coming out of your head.
Radio waves, which include
radio and other wireless
transmission signals as well
as other natural signals
in the same frequency peak
through around 50 to 1,000
megahertz.
That's between 50 million
and one billion oscillations
per second.
So every thought that we
have as well also isolated
a specific frequency.
So this is what I'm talking
about, frequencies matching
information in space time.
When you match that frequency
of information in spacetime,
you can download it.
It even goes further than that.
Quantum walkers, like
I'm talking about,
"quantum walking" is a real
term in quantum mechanics.
And it's a real term.
And how I stumbled across it, I
was doing a walking meditation
on the beach in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida, which I typically
do every two or three weeks.
It's like a five-mile walk.
And it's walking meditation.
I felt like I phased out
of this reality for a
into another place, but
the place was still here,
but it was more
technologically advanced.
I went home and I said, I just
feel like I quantum walked.
And I looked it up, and
it's actual real term
in quantum physics.
And that's when I started
researching quantum walking
and how it interacted with
merkaba light meditation
and also how it interacted
with what Thoth talked about
in the "Emerald Tablets."
So as above, so below.
We learned in a
little cartoon there
that electrons were conscious
because once the electron
realized that it
was being watched,
it decided to act like
a particle, right?
When it wasn't being watched,
it decided to act like a wave.
So as above, so below.
So you're talking about
looking at planets.
So you see here, you're
looking at an orbiting--
a sun with planets orbiting it.
You look at an atom with
electrons orbiting it, right?
Planets are conscious.
As above, so below.
This planet is conscious.
And this planet emits
a specific frequency.
All planetary
frequencies have now
been recorded by
the space agencies.
You can actually go
online and download
the sound of every single
planet and every moon
in our solar system.
And each one has a
different frequency.
And when you take the sound
waves from NASA.gov or European
Spac-- wherever you download
them from, they're available,
and then put them
into an audio program
and slow it down a little bit.
It sounds like conversations.
That's really interesting.
But it's really important
because your light waves also
interact and directly
affect the planet as well.
And one of the biggest
problems or one of the biggest
things that I see with human
beings so far on this planet
is that we're not in a
resonant frequency in harmony
with the planet itself.
In a lot of ways, we've been
like a virus on the top.
And we've got to
really change that.
And we are changing.
We're in the process
of doing it now.
We've got to become more in
tune with the planet itself
and more respect of what the
planet as a sentiment being,
not just a rock to
build a house on.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Emotiv is kind of
this wild technology.
It's a way for you to control
things with your mind.
It has all sorts
of new use cases,
and I'm here at
their offices today
to get into it a
little bit more.
>> This goes behind your ears.
And so you want your hair
to be out of the way.
And so I'll just put
this on like that.
>> On the brain crown, OK.
>> Uh-huh, and then this
goes behind the ears,
so we'll just slide this down.
>> OK.
>> So this is my
brain right now?
>> This is your
brain right now--
>> Oh, my god.
>> --in real time.
>> This is wild.
>> It's pretty wild.
What you're seeing is the
localized activity right now
and the concentration
of activity.
So if there's a particular
area that there's
a huge amount of
synchronization and activity,
then you'll see it light up.
So right now, we're
seeing a lot of activity
there in the frontal and
then parietal occipital.
So parietal occipital--
>> We have them watching this.
>> Yeah, so we can look
at facial expressions.
So we can tell if you're
blinking, you're winking,
looking left and right,
furrowing your eyebrows,
raising them in surprise,
smiling, clenching your teeth
because you might be nervous.
So all of those things we
can detect very, very easily.
>> Emotiv has been prototyping
its wireless EEG technology
for the past few years.
Proven in the
research sector, they
are now developing a
consumer product for market.
>> And so this is a really
simple-use scenario,
where the idea is I can just
will this car to drive forward,
just with my thoughts.
>> There you go.
There you go.
>> The way the detections work
is that you show the machine
learning algorithms how you
think about driving the car
forward.
>> But so, I mean,
when you're actually--
[END PLAYBACK]
>> I can't watch the whole
show because we got time here.
But you can see transmitted
light waves, telekinesis.
These are natural
innate abilities
that we're supposed to
have without technology.
This is the disconnected
DNA that they're
calling "junk DNA,"
which is not really junk.
It's real, powerful stuff
that's still inside of your body
right now that needs
to be reactivated,
which is why we're here this
week and a lot of people
are getting these reactivations,
or these ancient memories,
or finding a way to go into
researching, and study,
and meditation to tap
into the abilities
that we already have innately
inside of our bodies.
Moving things around,
I truly do believe
that our ancient
ancestors before we
became Homo sapiens
sapiens, we found
the bones all over the
planet, I believe that they
were much smarter than us.
I don't think they were dumber.
I think they were smarter.
And I don't mean
technologically smarter,
I think spiritually smarter.
They probably didn't even have
to speak with their mouth.
They probably had
telekinesis, telepathy.
They were in tune
with the planet.
They could receive and
send information directly
from the earth itself.
They were in resonant frequency
with everything in nature.
And like I said, we're inside--
I believe that we're inside of
a conscious entity, which we're
calling the universal
consciousness,
some call it God, some
call it divine Sophia--
whatever you want to call
it, I believe that this
is what we're inside of.
And the mechanism
used to generate
the illusion of
the third dimension
is a hologram, just like your
brain projects its own hologram
so that you can maneuver
through the third dimension.
A scientist observing an
atom is actually a group
of atoms observing itself.
[LAUGHTER]
That's what we're
doing here, right?
I'm just a compilation
of atoms that
existed since the
beginning of what
we call "third
dimensional time,"
and it's been regrouped
into this avatar format.
Before it could have been--
I could have been a piece
of a rock, piece of a star,
you know?
But we just keep reformatting.
And the beautiful
thing about these atoms
that are in my body that
make up this avatar body,
they have memory.
Memory can be written directly
onto each individual atom
now in science laboratories.
This is something
they're doing now.
So DNA?
Oh, now, we're writing on atoms.
Atoms store data.
So if atoms store data,
imagine how much information
is in your body right now.
The history of the entire
universe is inside of you.
So when we tell people
that the power's in you,
we really mean the
power's in you.
We talked a little
bit about DNA storage.
This is an old clip
that I used to use.
It's 5.5 petabytes.
They've got it up
to 433 petabytes
now of data on one gram.
They found out that
a human body can
store 13.5 billion years
of data, which, ironically,
is the age of the universe.
So the universe, literally,
is inside of you.
Literally.
This is why human
beings are some
of the most coveted entities
in the universe because
of our special capability,
our storage capacity,
our diversity, all the things
that make up who we are,
and we still haven't
truly realized
our true full potential yet.
The reason why they continue to
put out their boot on our necks
is because if we ever
realized-- phew, oh my goodness.
We would be creating universes.
That's how powerful
we truly are.
We'd create universes.
And we're working on that
now, believe it or not.
People are trying to
create their own universes
in science laboratories
through technology.
But we literally have the
power to be divine creators.
Because the divine
source and the spark
is inside of every single
atom inside of our bodies.
That is about DNA computing.
I just want to read
this one real quick.
Of course, I have to
skip a couple of these
because you know how it is.
"Described in the Journal of
Nature, researchers working
at an IBM research
facility in California
found that when the
holmium atoms were placed
on a special surface
made of magnesium oxide,
they naturally
oriented themselves
with a magnetic north
and a magnetic south.
Why is this important?
Because that's how you
get zeros and ones.
So they discovered
that depending
on the magnetic field that
they interact with an atom,
they can get it to
spin up or spin down.
A spin up would be a 0, a
spin down would be a one.
And by doing zeros and ones,
I can create digital code,
which is what's making this
computer show you on the screen
right now.
The internet runs
on zeroes and ones.
Your GPSs runs on--
everything's on zeroes and ones.
All your TV shows are
on zeros and ones.
Everything is zeros and ones,
digital bits of information.
Not only that, Professor
James S. Gates, professor
in supersymmetry and
theoretical physics
discovered that spacetime,
the ether of spacetime,
runs off of something
called Adinkra codes,
which were discovered by the
Dogon tribe in Mali Africa
thousands and thousands of years
ago and depicted in artwork.
When you take them and turn
them into three-dimensional
structures, you discover that
their error-correcting codes.
The same exact codes that
Professor Gates discovered
are the same ones that
run search engine browsers
and websites.
So the ether of spacetime
that we're living in
runs off of the same
technology or same programming
code that runs websites
and search engines.
That's what we're living
in, guys, a program.
We're living in a program.
So brain scans can reveal
your conscious decisions
seven seconds before you decide.
Some people have heard me
talk about this years ago.
So they took some people,
put them in a room,
and then they put
the cap on their head
to read the light waves
coming out of their skulls.
And they were showing images
10 seconds apart, right?
And so they would
show a bed of roses.
10 seconds later, they'd
show a woman hugging a baby.
10 seconds later,
somebody getting stabbed.
maybe somebody getting
run over by a car, just horrific
scenes and serene scenes.
And then what they were trying
to do was discover-- map
the human brain, what
the brain lights up like,
what it looks like lit up for
specific feelings and emotions,
right?
What started happening
was up to seven seconds
before the next
image even showed up,
the brain was transmitting
to the computer
what the next image was going
to be-- horrific or serene.
So then they said,
wait a minute.
This was an accident.
We weren't even
looking for this.
And they started doing it over
and over again and duplicating
this experiment and found
that it happens-- no matter
how many times
you do it, there's
always this build-up
of advanced knowledge
before the thing
actually happens.
So what does that mean?
We're not living in real time.
We're living in the third
dimension, the third density.
It takes time for the
conscious stream of information
to funnel through
multiple dimensions
because we're multidimensional
beings until it hits
the third dimension
avatar body and it
gets deciphered and discerned
into what's going on.
There's a delay process in that.
That's like if I turn on a
DirectTV satellite on one TV
and I put on cable on
the other, the cable
is going to be more current.
The DirectTV is
going to be delayed
because the signal has to go
to space and then come back.
That's what that is.
So that's what's happening.
Right now, you're not
seeing me in real time.
You're looking at me as I was.
Why?
Because it takes time for a
photon to bounce off of me,
hit your retina, go to the back
your brain, get deciphered,
project an image of
what I look like.
But by the time that
happens, I've already moved.
So you're not seeing me
in real time, either.
Nothing is in real time.
So this is where
discernment is extremely
important in your life.
Because you need to be able
to discern future events
before they happen at
the cusp that things
are getting ready to
happen so that you
can make the adjustments and
navigate through this matrix.
Otherwise, you're
going to consistently
get caught up, and caught
up, and caught up in things
and get blindsided
over and over again
and not be able to detect things
before they actually happen.
You've got to get ahead
of that time wave.
So we talked about the fact
that light is conscious.
We talked about the fact
that electrons are conscious.
Everything is really conscious.
Your body is made of light.
So we're going to talk a
little bit about the merkaba
now that we have the
basic understanding.
The merkaba, spelled
"merkabah" translates literally
into, "light, spirit, body."
The merkaba symbol
is a shape made
from two intersecting
tetrahedrons that
spin in opposite directions,
socounter rotating
directions, creating a
three-dimensional energy field.
This is around the human body.
And this is literally
a vehicle of ascension.
There are gurus that can
travel the universe in these,
including Thoth
the Atlantean could
travel throughout the universe
using one of these merkabas.
Thoth went to many planets.
He said, I traveled
to many worlds
watching civilizations
rise and fall
using his merkaba light vessel.
So it's a counterrotating
tetrahedron
is what you're looking at here.
So these two triangles
or these two pyramids,
and that basic shape around
the outer edge of the body
is like your tourist
energy field.
And those points intersect
with the most powerful points
of your energy field,
the ka and the ba,
those are the
super-hyperactive energy points
within the merkaba.
So I know that some of
you see this before.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> He's going into arrest.
>> Locked.
I got him.
Now, tag, now.
[AGONIZED SCREAM]
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So this is the representation
of being born again.
Being born again
has nothing to do
with some of what these
religious stories is about.
It's the elevation
of consciousness.
He transferred from the
fake illusionary world
into the real world
through consciousness,
through realizing
and understanding
that what he was involved
in was an illusion.
Now, he's woken up
in the real world.
Another thing that
people will say
is, why would machines want to
use human beings as an energy
source, right?
Well, every single
cell in your body
is at 0.07 millivolts
of electricity.
And you have 35 billion cells.
Multiply that, and you're
at 2.65 trillion volts
of electricity in your one body.
You're a walking nuclear
explosion, literally,
every single one of us.
This is where the qigong
energy comes from.
This is where Reiki
healing energy comes from.
It's extracted directly
from the cells in your body.
It's not mysticism.
It ain't magic and
all this hocus pocus.
No, it's real.
When you understand how
to tap into the energy
meridians in your body and
extract the energy directly
from the cells in your
body and focus them,
you now have healing powers.
This is where Jesus went when
he left out of the scriptures.
His name is Yeshua, not Jesus.
Jesus means, "hail Zeus."
When he left out
of the scriptures,
he went to Egypt to
learn the mystery school,
and then he went to Tibet
to learn Reiki healing
with his hands.
And then, he went to India
to learn the mystic arts.
And this isn't the
gospel of the holy 12.
It's a real person
that really did exist,
not a mythical person.
A real person really
did exist and really
had these capabilities
through understanding
how the body works.
So let's get into a little
bit more about this.
So now the merkaba
is fundamentally
based off of the seed of life.
That's the fundamental basis.
This is where it begins.
This seed of life
structure, which
is six circles
with a seventh one,
so you have one circle in the
middle with six circles round.
That creates the seed of life.
And this is a really
important structure
because this is the
fundamental basis of reality.
As a matter of
fact, this structure
is in the base of your spine
right now from the time
that you went through mitosis
and generated these first seven
cells, they're still there.
Everything else
divided out from there,
but this fundamental basis of
these cells are still there.
This is a cross-section of DNA.
So as above, so below.
No matter how low you go, how
deep you go into this realm,
you're going to discover
the similarities
that we're in a fractal,
holographic universe.
And in a hologram, if you
take a small piece out,
that smallest piece
you took out is
going to have a picture of
the entire hologram in it.
The only thing you lose is a
little bit of resolution, OK?
This is important, though.
This is part of the merkaba.
This is cell division
through mitosis.
As you can see, how we all
go to the flower of life
and developed life
forms from this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> This person is the most
balanced and optimum form
for eight spheres existing in
direct connection with each
other.
The reason why this is
called "the egg of life"
is because nature uses this
form in the embryonic creation
process of every single
living organism on this planet
with no exceptions.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> OK, with no exceptions.
This is the symbol
etched into the stone
at the Osirian Temple,
which I showed you earlier.
They knew about this
eons and eons ago.
Of course, that's me walking
into the temple there.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Here we are at one of the
world's oldest sacred sites,
the Osirian Temple
at Abydos, Egypt.
>> Very little writing is
found in the Osirian Temple.
However, there is one
very significant piece
of information in that temple.
It is a very faint but
clear and precise drawing.
It's not etched into the rock.
It's not carved.
It's burned into the atomic
structure of the rock
in some extraordinary way.
[END PLAYBACK]
So the ancients had access
to this information.
So now, we're going to
talk about Metatron's Cube.
Because now, we're going from
the sea to the Metatron's cube,
as we build up into where
we get into the merkaba.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Not enough time for this stuff.
>> There is a fascinating
aspect to sacred geometry known
as Metatron's Cube.
And this is what it looks like.
I've been making mandalas based
on this archetype for a really
long time, over 20 years.
Thinking about it, contemplating
it, meditating on it,
just listening to
it all these years.
So the first question is,
who is this guy Metatron?
Who is this being
known as Metatron?
Where'd he come from?
If you investigate,
you find that metatron
was an arc angel who is
mentioned in Islamic, Judaic,
and Christian mythologies,
medieval mythologies.
He was considered to
be the scribe of God.
So this would make
the archangel Metatron
the equivalent of the ancient
Egyptian scribe of the gods
known as Thoth, Hermes.
Now according to
legend, a scribe of God
would understand
the root principles
of creation, which are
almost always associated
with sacred geometry.
In fact, the archangel metatron
is many times pictured with
or holding a cube.
So that's a little bit about
Metatron, the guy Metatron.
But the graphic known
as Metatron's cube
didn't show up till later when
a medieval Italian mathematician
named Leonardo
Pisano discovered it.
So the next question is,
why and how did Leonardo
come to call this particular
graphic Metatron's cube?
Beautifully illustrates-- and
so Metatron's cube create.
It's very easy to get
a perfect blueprint
of both the dodecahedron
and the icosahedron.
This is really significant.
And this makes
Metatron's cube actually
work as a perfect blueprint.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> What I wanted to show
you here is you see that
dodecahedron there
over his head?
Inside of Metatron's
cube, you get this form
called vector equilibrium.
And so the vector equilibrium is
a source of unparalleled power.
This is the energy
source for the medieval.
This is what I was
trying to get to,
but I'm running out of time.
So inside the merkaba
is this particular form.
And this form is literally the
source for zero point energy,
not only zero point energy
where we can literally power
everything without
plugging anything in,
but also it's the form
of spiritual energy
that can transmit your body
to anywhere in the galaxy,
anywhere in the universe.
Through Metatron's Cube,
through this technology,
tapping into this
vector equilibrium,
you can literally create portals
and wormholes in spacetime
according to some of
these ancient sages,
like Thoth the Atlantean,
where he talked
about going through
the [INAUDIBLE]
and opening up these portals,
and going through these gates,
the gates that they're
talking about in a lot
of the religious
texts aren't pearly
gates to go into this
golden-plated heaven thing.
It's really the
gates to go to gates.
Star gates is what
they're talking about.
If you look at the ancient
texts where a lot of that stuff
came from, you'll find that
talking about star gates, which
is what I'm talking about on
Monday, star gates and portals.
And I'm going to show star gates
and portals, not only on Earth
but also on other planets in
our solar system based off
of official NASA images and
European Space Agency images.
So unfortunately, we're
running out of this time,
but I really wanted
to get all the way
to the end of this thing.
But these are all
the same things.
So you have the torus energy
feel, the Shri Yantra,
the merkaba, and the aura.
They're all the same thing.
All of these are the
same exact energy fields.
And how do you get
into the merkaba?
I'm going to wrap it up
now, guys, because I know
we're running out of time here.
But to get into the merkaba, the
first thing that you have to do
is you have to be--
you have to eat right.
And this is important.
Now some people don't
want to hear this.
But when you're talking about
creating an energetic body,
it requires energetic foods.
OK, I'm not saying you
need to be a vegan and all
this other kind of stuff.
What I'm saying is
if you're trying
to focus on merkaba meditation,
which there's a merkaba
meditation that you
can just look up,
you can just go to Google and
type in "merkaba meditation."
There's a lot of them
that will pop up.
You can go to
4biddenknowledge.com,
with the number four.
There's a merkaba
meditation on my website.
You can watch it for free.
And you'll get a lot of
information there as well.
But eating right
is very important
because you have to eat
energetic foods, which
means a plant-based diet.
So if you're in the process of
working on merkaba meditation,
focus on a plant-based
diet for that time period.
I'm not saying
you've got to wipe it
out of your body forever,
meats or whatever,
but for that time period,
focus on energetic foods.
Focus then also on
unconditional love.
In order to get into
a merkaba meditation,
you need to be in a mindset
of unconditional love.
Because unless you're in a
mindset of unconditional love,
you're not at the
right frequency.
The 528 Hertz love
frequency is the frequency
that will give you the
capability of getting
into the right mind
state in the meditation
to then see the merkaba.
And what happens is
you'll see this video
on my website that's going
to show you the meditation.
And during the process
of the meditation,
you're going to envision
yourself standing
outside of the merkaba.
Even though it's
part of you, you're
going to see from
another perspective.
You're going to see two
counter-rotating tetrahedron.
Once you get about 15
minutes into the meditation,
you're going to
step inside of it.
And then, you're going to
allow it to just take you.
And why will it take you?
Because the frequency
in the video is at 936
Hertz, which generates movement.
And that movement's
going to take you places.
And you just have
to let yourself
go and go with the meditation.
But now, you understand
why it works.
It's working because
everything is light,
and the consciousness is light.
Every thought is light.
And those light waves
create the merkaba.
Those light waves
create the reality.
Those light waves create
everything around us,
including this entire
universe, all right?
I'll be outside selling my book.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate you guys' time.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]